lights, but that's really all I want it to effect. So this is where I can use Mocha to essentially only mask this effect to a particular part of the frame, and I can track that mask across the screen. One thing that you've got to keep in mind is that Premier Pro does have masking capabilities. I can add an ellipse, I can add a rectangle, I can actually add a free draw Bezier. However, these are point based masks, they are meant for rigid objects in many cases, and the flexibility is a little bit less in terms of what you might get with Mocha. So let's go inside and edit Mocha. Once I enter inside, I get a little Mocha timeline here at the bottom where I can sort of scrub across and be able to view my clip from its first frame to its last frame. In order to select the area that I want to isolate the glow to, I want to use what's called the X-blind tool, this is the ability in Mocha to draw masks, and it is the easiest tool for you to use. So I'm going to the first frame of this project, I'm going to select the X-blind tool, and just to show you, I am going to draw a shape. I'm not going to make it perfect, but just clicking and closing out that shape. Once I Control + A, I can actually select all the points, and with them all selected, I can make them extremely straight or I can bring them in to have some curves across these shapes. So there's my shape, and how it tracks is all down here. Because it's so small, it's going to use a lot of pixels. If it was a bigger shape, it would use less pixels across the screen. And I want to keep in mind, it's tracking this texture, it's tracking everything within the shape. Right now, by default, it's selecting, or basically tracking Shear all the way down to Translation. I'm in this case going to track perspective, and it's tracking large motion, because there is a fair deal of motion in the shot. With these default settings selected for the track, I am going to press the Track Forward button, and Mocha is going to do the rest. Until it kind of runs off screen, but it's done a pretty good job, as you can see, of tracking that object. When we drew out this X-blind, a layer was created over here on the left
head light. Just to show that a bit better, I want to increase the threshold and bring up the brightness quite a bit just to dramaticize

right now on this policy I have it filtered to Temp and Contract employees on this OU. But let's say, for instance, somebody accidentally - I'm not going to say intentionally. Someone accidentally deleted the policy. What they really wanted to do was, under the users container, they only wanted to unlink it, but they accidentally deleted it. This is where I can come into my group policy objects container, I can secondary click on it, and I have the option to manage all backups. Here are all my policies that I have in this backup folder. Here's the one I backed up just a few seconds ago and here's the one that I did as a backup of all of them. I'll go ahead and choose this one, I'll choose to restore. Yes, do I want to restore. It restores the policy. I want to show you there's a couple things that it did not do. What it did not do was it did not relink it. So, you have to remember where it was linked. The other thing it did not do was - Or I should say it did remember what the filters were on the policy. It didn't relink, but it did remember the filters. If I come up to users and then I want to link an existing group policy object, then I can link that policy back. We've seen how to do backup an individual policy, how to backup all the policies the lane, how to restore an individual policy, or how to restore a policy that was inadvertently deleted.
handy. This was an issue we had back in the Windows 2000 arena and an issue we had in Windows
2003 before Microsoft released the Group Policy Management Console.
